README.md, before:

FPlay Web
=========

Experimental web audio player, including audio visualizations (in the future!) and a graphic filter editor.

The player can be accessed from the address: https://fplay.com.br

All assets and output files are inside the `docs` folder just to leave everything prepared for GitHub Pages. 😅

The Android wrapper is highly experimental and not suitable for production!!! But, should you feel like giving it a try, just [download the APK here](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/FPlayWeb/raw/main/Android/app/release/app-release.apk).

Both the graphic filter editor and the visualizations used by the player come from my other project, [GraphicalFilterEditor](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/GraphicalFilterEditor), licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/GraphicalFilterEditor/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

The font used by the UI is [Open Sans](https://github.com/google/fonts/blob/main/apache/opensans), licensed under the [Apache License](https://github.com/google/fonts/blob/main/apache/opensans/LICENSE.txt).

Some of the icons used by the UI came from the project [Material design icons](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons), licensed under the [Apache License](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/blob/master/LICENSE).

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/FPlayWeb/blob/master/LICENSE).

The project was tested in several different devices and browsers thanks to the infrastructure kindly provided, for free, by [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com/) ❤

Commit message:

Updating libmikmod to the latest version

README.md, after:

FPlay Web
=========

Experimental web audio player, including audio visualizations (in the future!) and a graphic filter editor.

The player can be accessed from the address: https://fplay.com.br

All assets and output files are inside the `docs` folder just to leave everything prepared for GitHub Pages. 😅

The Android wrapper is highly experimental and not suitable for production!!! But, should you feel like giving it a try, just [download the APK here](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/FPlayWeb/raw/main/Android/app/release/app-release.apk).

Both the graphic filter editor and the visualizations used by the player come from my other project, [GraphicalFilterEditor](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/GraphicalFilterEditor), licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/GraphicalFilterEditor/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

Support for module files (such as mod, s3m, it, xm and so on) is based on my port of [libmikmod](https://github.com/sezero/mikmod) to WebAssembly, licensed under the [GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1](https://github.com/sezero/mikmod/blob/master/libmikmod/COPYING.LESSER). (The integration is still under development... 😅)

The font used by the UI is [Open Sans](https://github.com/google/fonts/blob/main/apache/opensans), licensed under the [Apache License](https://github.com/google/fonts/blob/main/apache/opensans/LICENSE.txt).

Some of the icons used by the UI came from the project [Material design icons](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons), licensed under the [Apache License](https://github.com/google/material-design-icons/blob/master/LICENSE).

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/carlosrafaelgn/FPlayWeb/blob/master/LICENSE).

The project was tested in several different devices and browsers thanks to the infrastructure kindly provided, for free, by [BrowserStack](https://www.browserstack.com/). ❤
